MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 Micha≈Ç Blinkiewicz

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

==============================================================================
                            Important Licensing Note
==============================================================================

Please be aware that this repository contains a directory named "patches" with
binary data files. These files are subject to a separate licensing arrangement
and are marked as "All Rights Reserved." This means they are protected by
copyright, and no specific license information is provided for them. Users are
not allowed to modify or distribute these files without explicit permission
from the copyright holder. However, users are allowed to install and use these
files via the provided installation script.

The MIT License, which applies to the rest of the files in this repository,
does not cover the files in the "patches" directory.

==============================================================================
